📖 Refactor InfraCluster contract (#11213)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/best-practices.md

## Implementation best practices

Cluster API doesn't define strict rules about how providers should implement controllers.

However, some best practice are worth to notice:

- Infrastructure objects (e.g. load balancers, VMs etc) generated by the Infra providers SHOULD adopt a naming
  convention that directly links to the Kubernetes resource that originated those objects. 
  Please note that in most cases external constraints might impact this decision, like e.g.
    - differences in naming conversions from Kubernetes CRDs and the target infrastructure

>     - the fact that the InfraCluster Kubernetes is namespaces while target infrastructure might have different approaches

Author: fixed

>     - the fact that the InfraCluster Kubernetes is namespaced while target infrastructure might have different approaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - the fact that the InfraCluster Kubernetes CRD is namespace-scoped while target infrastructure might have different approaches
```
I think

Reviewer: (mostly the CRD part, without CRD It sounds confusing)

      to grouping resources

- Naming convention above should not be used and advertised as a contract to build on top. Instead more robust mechanism

>   MUST always be provided and used for identifying objects, like tagging on labeling.

Author: fixed

  Please note that this is necessary not only to prevent issues in case Cluster API changes default naming strategies
  for the Kubernetes objects generated by core controllers, but also to handle use cases where users intentionally influence Cluster API naming strategies. 

- Cluster API offers a great development environment based on Tilt, which can be easily extended to work with any provider. Use it!
  See [Rapid iterative development with Tilt]

- Cluster API defines a set of best practices and standards that, if adopted, could speed up provider development and improve
  consistency with core Cluster API. See:
    - [Logging]
    - [Tuning controllers]

- Cluster API implements a test framework that, if adopted, could help in ensuring the quality of the provider. See:
    - [Testing]
    - [Developing E2E tests]

> - While standard security practice for developing Kubernetes controllers applies, it is important to recognize that

Author: fixed

  given that infrastructure provider deal with cloud credentials and cloud infrastructure, there are additional critical

>   security concern that must address to ensure secure operations. See:

Author: fixed
